SSH protocol
  A common transport protocol for Git when self-hosting is over SSH.
  This is because SSH access to servers is already set up in most places – and if it isn’t, it’s easy to do.
  SSH is also an authenticated network protocol; and because it’s ubiquitous, it’s generally easy to set up and use.
  
  git clone ssh://user@server/project.git  - clonning the project to web repository
  git clone ssh://user@server:project.git
  
  
  The Git Protocol
Next is the Git protocol. This is a special daemon that comes packaged with Git; 
it listens on a dedicated port (9418) that provides a service similar to the SSH protocol, but with absolutely no authentication. 
In order for a repository to be served over the Git protocol, you must create the git-daemon-export-ok file – the daemon won’t serve a repository without that file in it – but other than that there is no security.
Either the Git repository is available for everyone to clone or it isn’t.
This means that there is generally no pushing over this protocol. 
You can enable push access; but given the lack of authentication, if you turn on push access, anyone on the internet who finds your project’s URL could push to your project. 
Suffice it to say that this is rare.
  
  
 The HTTP Protocols
Git can communicate over HTTP in two different modes.
 Prior to Git 1.6.6 there was only one way it could do this which was very simple and generally read-only. 
 In version 1.6.6 a new, smarter protocol was introduced that involved Git being able to intelligently negotiate data transfer in a manner similar to how it does over SSH. 
 In the last few years, this new HTTP protocol has become very popular since it’s simpler for the user and smarter about how it communicates. 
 The newer version is often referred to as the “Smart” HTTP protocol and the older way as “Dumb” HTTP. We’ll cover the newer “smart” HTTP protocol first.
 
you need install "post-update"
 
cd /var/www/htdocs/ - this catalog ussialy used by Apache, but you can use also another catalog
git clone --bare /path/to/git_project gitproject.git
cd gitproject.git
mv hooks/post-update.sample hooks/post-update
chmod a+x hooks/post-update
  

  
